---
title: Send Message
status: depreciated
context:
  changelog:
    - item:
      - 08/17/2017
      - Susan and JD
      - Depriotized for MVP
---

<font style="color:#ff0000">
<b>Attn:</b><br/><br/>

This story has not been completely discovered and still needs to be reviewed and updated once it is identified as in scope.
</font>

---

## Description

When a Global Payments Regional PM composes a message, they can send it to the World-Wide Product Management group. This group reviews it for approval, and can then send it out to the intended audience. A GP WWPM can compose a message and send it out directly without needing approval.

### Who:
- Global Payments Employee (permission is available but optional to this role)

### Sending Messages
Only two user personas are allowed to compose messages, and only one user persona is allowed to send messages. Both the Global Payments Regional Product Manager and the Global Payments World-Wide Product Manager can compose messages. The Regional PM can then send their composed message to the WWPM for approval. The WWPM can then make changes if necessary. Once it's ready, they can send the message out to a specified hierarchy.

The other type of message that users may receive is from the system, alerting the user of some system activity such as the arrival of a new statement, or a notification about a scheduled report. These messages are automatically generated by the system and also appear in the user's message center.


## Acceptance Criteria

1. The GP RPM can send a message for approval.
2. The message arrives in all the GP WWPM's queue for approval.
3. The first GP WWPM to approve and send the message causes the message to be sent out.
4. Once a message is sent, it disappears from the queue.

## Questions
- Should the message be sent to the whole group for approval?

---

## Changelog <a name="changelog"></a>

<table>
	<thead>
		<th>Date</th>
		<th>Name</th>
		<th>Note</th>
	</thead>

	<tbody>
	{{#each changelog as |value key|}}
		{{#each value as |childValue childKey|}}
			<tr>
			{{#each childValue as |grandchildValue grandchildKey|}}
				<td>{{grandchildValue}}</td>
			{{/each}}
			</tr>
		{{/each}}
	{{/each}}
	</tbody>
</table>
